the show is too mountainous
really complete
hello vittorio derived soccer point com
the blog with simple video recipes
to make bread at home
today I'll show you how to do it a
do what i look for chris which is one
classic recipe of American cuisine
that is, chocolate biscuits
let's start by mixing the sugar to bring it
of mind fracture when you hold one
add beautiful uniform dough
the egg we add the roma of vanilla
add salt then add the
flour mixed with baking powder
the dough until you get a paste
rather harsh but uniform and last
add the chocolate drops
or here's quick and easy mixing
Now let's take a baking sheet
the paper form I use this one here
silicone sheets so we recycle e
we know a little about the environment and I put two
towels and one under the other to prevent that
my oven burns under me
take a shovelful spoon and make the
given a more or less round shape made
of more or less equal sizes of
crush it a little and leave it
space so as to broaden nature
of culture and we inform the bakery already
warm here are our fantastic cookies
with chocolate we avoid to cool on
a grid like this and here are ours
fantastic chocolate biscuits
Americans simple and quick to do though
you liked vast resets sign up
to my youtube channel or come to me at
find on my blog
vivado caccia punto com hello